What is a guy who's in welcome act so now we're totally done with a website of about page.
OK I think this much is fine.
And now we want to go to the next thing that is the services.
So I want to go to break here.
I want to hit save.
And now what I want to do I want to just come here and I want to go to dodgeball.
So we already know about the mobile optimization now so you can do that.
OK.
I want to go to the Add New page because I want to add a new page.
And that main page name is going to be services sorry we will be working with the Contact Us page not
the service one.
OK.
Yes.
I want to go to the publisher a here
and let's get an added element or
so this is our contact page.
I just don't like this team I don't know why I just install this and am not happy with this much because
we can not customize this header and the header is the most important thing guys.
That is why.
OK.
So no problem.
But this was our experience.
You just try try try and then you get experience to.
So I basically want to add to S.J. here.
Here would be my address here would be my contact form and then below here would be the map that would
tell me that where I live over this company.
So I want to go to the U.S. right here and I want to go to the column column.
So
here should be the text editor and here should be the contact form.
So I want to get the contact form right here.
I see him here.
Let's just say this and I want to change this right now basically.
OK first what I want to do I want to add some
so here should be e-mail.
OK.
It will be info at Mukalla dot com.
OK I cannot use this domain name in my safe just because I don't have this the authority of this domain
name so I'll just add info at s one eat the complete
W.P. course.
Dot com.
OK.
And I want to add one more.
And that would be phone
and should be plus 1 to 3 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10
Okay.
And then I can add the address as well.
Blah St blah.
House number
blah corner and
me me 7 5 6 0 0 us.
So here's our address here what I want I want to add a contact form so you guys already know about a
contact form but let me show you.
OK let's go to ESPERANDO radius and s one complete course dot com.
OK.
And.
I just like the front page basically.
This is this is amazing.
OK.
So this is basically already designed and developed.
So I don't think so if I would get that feeling of like you have designed yourself.
I just like this you can design this on that.
This in over the ocean W.P. team.
I didn't think so.
Yes you can design it.
This is very easy.
You can design it easily
OK.
What we're what I want to do I just want to go to the contact form seven plug into this team recommends
that plug in you can see this is right here.
I want to go to the contact form and this is the form that has already been created.
I want to grab this game here.
I want to go to the short code right here on a dragon and I want to paste this code.
Ok this is right here.
I want to go to add a new section right here.
I want to crab This whole section and I want to go to discovery here and I want to try these maps.
So here we go.
We have these Mashrafe here
OK.
I want to go to the address right here and let's grab the address so
you know this.
Get it got the address right here.
I want to go to the zoom level so the zoom level should be 14 yes and the height should be this much.
OK I want to go to the advanced library here or just let's get to here and let's scrap this and let's
stretch it and let's get the bus full of it.
There we go.
I just want to come here here again and I want to increase this level.
OK prevent scrawlings if you want to preempt this calling.
You can prevent calling.
OK I'll just come.
You can see that if I just come here it is not scrolling.
OK I can just go read some stuff if I wanted to.
I can also go with the shape divider.
OK we don't have a sheet of 280 right here.
I can go to this structure style and then I can go to the shape dividers so I can even write it as well
if I just go to the top tray here and then I go to the train go.
So this is not looking good.
OK.
This shape divider is not working.
It looks something good on some things but not on every.
OK so you can see this is coming right here.
I want to go to I want one more thing and that is let's come here and I want to add something
have a coffee with this
have coffee with us OK.
I want to go to this is right here.
I want to go to this style to
background colors.
I want to change the text color to be white.
OK.
And I want to change the background color of this whole column not this text but this whole column.
I want to change the background color to be let's come here just style right here.
And the background Koehler's should be full blown
cool.
OK.
Have a coffee with us though.
This one.
OK.
Now this is looking pretty well Nancy.
This map is also looking amazing.
Everything looks great.
So our contact us page is all ready.
OK.
We have our e-mail and everything we have her name and everything you also know how this form works.
And this page is also ready.
Now we want to do one thing and that is let's come here to save and let's go back to the go to dashboard
right here.
And I want to go to
the menus right here so we want to add these beaches into life so that these be just right.
Basically I want to crab the front page the about page and the contact page.
Add to Menu.
Let's come here and let's delete.
Let's come here.
Delete.
Come here delete.
Come here.
Come here and delete.
I want to drag this above above.
Oh my God.
OK I won this below.
So now we have front page.
I want to change the front page navigationally bill to be whole.
OK.
I want to come here I want to hit save.
And there we go.
Let's check out our Web site so we're totally done with that.
Let's say at OK we have heard this the world's leading hardware company.
We have about we have a code section.
We have a responsive slider super features Trigon and drop and everything coming right here.
This is looking pretty well I think.
Yes.
So you can basically get some examples from them as well and then create your own website okay.
The next section is also going to be great because I want to show you a new team and that team is also
exactly like the elementary plug in.
OK.
But that team is the best team I have ever used.
I just wanted to show you the elementary plug in just because Elementary is free.
OK.
And you can also go with pro-woman if you want to but I don't think so.
If you want to go with the best team ever then I have a new team and I will introduce you that team.
Basically I use that team for mostly my clients who am I don't want to work on coding.
I am a web developer as well.
I basically called the website with HDMI and see Asus and if I don't feel like coding and I think I
want the best design then that I always use that team if I don't want to use that team.
Then I go with this element top plug in.
OK so now let's go to the About page and see about page as well.
It's about this is who we are.
There's a book called by numbers in what I Kline's say and then we have that contact right here.
So everything looks cool.
I want to go to the home page right here and I want to make some changes so let's come here and lotted
customize
and let's go down go down.
And here we have the footer right here.
So we want to change the footer right here.
I want to go to Fuller settings and use for parallax simple contact boxes and boxes so you can change
these as well.
So you can add some footer if you want to you can see how this is looking.
So we have a contact box right here.
It can change this but I cannot change this footer right here.
I can see that that team never used that ocean WB team it gave us the complete access to change this
whole footer but this is not accessing us.
OK so we can change this right here address.
OK we can change icon we can change this to be we can change this as well and we can also change the
social links.
So now we are totally done.
Hey you can see everything looks pretty well on this.
So thanks a lot guys for watching this.
In the next video we will be moving on a new amazing say they will be building a blog.
So this is basically a company based website.
Ok I'll show you a different type of company based Web site that you can build.
OK.
And I and then I'll also give you some projects as well that you have to do.
And then you have to submit me just that project.
So thanks a lot guys who are watching this.
And goodbye.